host-suffix, blizzard.com, blizzard
host-suffix, blizzardgearstore.com, blizzard
host-suffix, blz-contentstack.com, blizzard
host-suffix, battle.net, blizzard
host, blizzard.nefficient.co.kr, blizzard
host, blzddist1-a.akamaihd.net, blizzard
host, blzddistkr1-a.akamaihd.net, blizzard
host, bnetcmsus-a.akamaihd.net, blizzard
host, bnetproduct-a.akamaihd.net, blizzard
host, bnetshopus.akamaized.net, blizzard
host-suffix, diablo3.com, blizzard
host-suffix, diabloimmortal.com, blizzard
host-suffix, firesidegatherings.com, blizzard
host-suffix, playhearthstone.com, blizzard
host-suffix, heroesofthestorm.com, blizzard
host-suffix, playoverwatch.com, blizzard
host-suffix, starcraft.com, blizzard
host-suffix, starcraft2.com, blizzard
host-suffix, playwarcraft3.com, blizzard
host-suffix, worldofwarcraft.com, blizzard
host, blizzcon-a.akamaihd.net, blizzard
host, blzmedia-a.akamaihd.net, blizzard
host, blznav.akamaized.net, blizzard
