host-suffix, cnspeedtest.cn, category-speedtest
host-suffix, fast.com, category-speedtest
host-suffix, measurementlab.net, category-speedtest
host-suffix, nperf.com, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speed.cloudflare.com, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speed.dler.io, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speed.hinet.net, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speed.nccu.edu.tw, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speed.neu6.edu.cn, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speed.nuaa.edu.cn, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speed.qlu.edu.cn, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speed.ujs.edu.cn, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speed6.ujs.edu.cn, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speed2.hinet.net, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speed5.ntu.edu.tw, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speedtest.cn, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speedtest.im, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speedtest.mfcyun.com, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speedtest.shu.edu.cn, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speedtest6.shu.edu.cn, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speedtest.xaut.edu.cn, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speedtest.xfinity.com, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speedtestcustom.com, category-speedtest
host-suffix, test.ustc.edu.cn, category-speedtest
host-suffix, test6.ustc.edu.cn, category-speedtest
host-suffix, test.nju.edu.cn, category-speedtest
host-suffix, test6.nju.edu.cn, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speed.nju.edu.cn, category-speedtest
host-suffix, testmy.net, category-speedtest
host-suffix, xnfz.seu.edu.cn, category-speedtest
host, hk-global-bgp.hkg.speedtest.yecaoyun.com, category-speedtest
host-suffix, cdnst.net, category-speedtest
host-suffix, cellmaps.com, category-speedtest
host-suffix, ekahau.cloud, category-speedtest
host-suffix, ekahau.com, category-speedtest
host-suffix, ookla.com, category-speedtest
host-suffix, ooklaserver.net, category-speedtest
host-suffix, pingtest.net, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speedtest.co, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speedtest.net, category-speedtest
host-suffix, speedtestcustom.com, category-speedtest
host-suffix, webtest.net, category-speedtest
host, www.speedtest.net.cdn.cloudflare.net, category-speedtest
host-suffix, open.cachefly.net, category-speedtest
host-suffix, openspeedtest.com, category-speedtest
